# The Kondo Screening Cloud

With the help of my Masters supervisor Prof Izak Snyman, I derived analytic and numeric solutions to the Kondo problem under a restricted setting. The Kondo model describes a point-like interaction between the spin degrees of freedom of a local magnetic moment and an electron gas, and the Kondo effect is the surprizing increase in resistivity in some dilute magnetic alloys with a decrease of temperature. If the impurities in the metal are dilute then one can ignore inter-impurity effects and study the Anderson model.

$$
H_{\text {Anderson }}=\sum_{\mathbf{k} \sigma} \epsilon_{\mathbf{k}} c_{\mathbf{k} \sigma}^{\dagger} c_{\mathbf{k} \sigma}+\sum_\sigma \epsilon_d d_\sigma^{\dagger} d_\sigma+U n_{d \uparrow} n_{d \downarrow}+\sum_{\mathbf{k} \sigma}\left(V_{\mathbf{k}} d^{\dagger} c_{\mathbf{k} \sigma}+\text { h.c. }\right) \text {,}
$$

Here, $d^\dagger_\sigma$ and $d_\sigma$ are the creation and annihilation operators of the impurity orbital. The first term describes the energy contribution of the conduction band electrons, whilst the next two terms describe the energy of the magnetic impurity orbital and the Coulomb penalty in the case of double occupation. The last term gives the hybridization between the impurity orbital and the conduction band, with h.c. being the Hermitian conjugate. The relevant regime is when the impurity level lies far below the Fermi surface, and when the Coulomb repulsion U is comparatively large with respect to the other energy scales of the system, i.e., $\epsilon_d << \epsilon_F << \epsilon_d.$ This gives rise to impurities that are mostly singly occupied and hence have magnetic moments. We studied the low energy excitations of the forward scattering longitudinal cloud at the Toulouse point. The numeric solutions were written in mathematica. For detailed calculations see my [Masters](https://www.dropbox.com/s/ct7c2h23l4d1e1j/MSc.pdf?dl=0).